feat: improvements on glossary engine (#34165)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/engine/javascript/index.md

---

> title: JavaScript Engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: JavaScript engine
```

slug: Glossary/Engine/JavaScript
page-type: glossary-definition
---

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> **{{glossary("JavaScript")}} engines** are interpreters that parse and execute JavaScript code. Modern JavaScript engines use just-in-time compilation to convert JavaScript code into machine code that can be executed by a computer's processor. It's typically developed and used in web {{glossary("browser", "browsers")}} to run client-side code, but it can also be used in server-side environments like {{glossary("Node.js")}}.

Reviewer: let's move the JavaScript link to the second occurrence in the sentence
```suggestion
**JavaScript engines** are interpreters that parse and execute {{glossary("JavaScript")}} code. Modern JavaScript engines use just-in-time (JIT) compilation to convert JavaScript code into machine code that can be executed by a computer's processor. A JavaScript engine is typically developed and used in web {{glossary("browser", "browsers")}} to run client-side code but can also be used in server-side environments like {{glossary("Node.js")}}.
```

> In a browser, the JavaScript engine runs in concert with the rendering engine via the {{glossary("DOM", "Document Object Model")}} and {{glossary("WebIDL", "Web IDL")}} bindings. Some JavaScript engines are also execute {{glossary("WebAssembly")}} code in the same sandbox as regular JavaScript code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a browser, the JavaScript engine operates together with the rendering engine via the {{glossary("DOM", "Document Object Model")}} and {{glossary("WebIDL", "Web IDL")}} bindings. Some JavaScript engines also execute {{glossary("WebAssembly")}} code in the same sandbox as regular JavaScript code.
```

> Do not confuse JavaScript engines with {{glossary("rendering engine", "rendering engines")}}, which are also crucial part of browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not confuse JavaScript engines with {{glossary("engine/rendering", "rendering engines")}}, which are also crucial parts of browsers.
```

## See also

- [JavaScript engine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_engine) on Wikipedia
- Glossary
  - {{glossary("JavaScript")}}
  - {{glossary("WebAssembly")}}
  - {{glossary("Browser")}}
  - {{glossary("Node.js")}}

>   - {{glossary("Rendering engine")}}

Reviewer: I think we can remove all these links because these terms are already linked in the text above

Author: may **see also section** stands to provide a place for all references to be displayed? if so, then adding these links is much reasonable.

e.g. **references** section of a research paper or a book, the references may already be discussed in the footnotes or even in the text itself, but in the references section they are still in it

Reviewer: Good point, let's keep them then

>   - {{glossary("JavaScript")}}
>   - {{glossary("WebAssembly")}}
>   - {{glossary("Browser")}}
>   - {{glossary("Node.js")}}
>   - {{glossary("Rendering engine")}}

Author: ```suggestion
  - {{glossary("Engine")}}
  - {{glossary("JavaScript")}}
  - {{glossary("WebAssembly")}}
  - {{glossary("Browser")}}
  - {{glossary("Node.js")}}
```
